Yantuo, you can behave well later.
Don't worry, whatever you say this time, you can drink this.
Grandma, my brother has revised his plan with the help of Ye Shang in the past few days and said,
What about your contract for dining?
This time we have continued to make significant changes to the actual group,
In fact, the group will definitely choose to contract with us.
Why are you here, mom?
Chen Xue has a way
How many tricks do we need to train?
Let's cooperate first
But you have to be strict in training
Successful Yan Jiazi
manager position
There is still a way to make Xun Zhi Kaizi
Signed a contract with our Lujia team
Are you going abroad for a trip?
Being independent in your career saves trouble
How can you believe this trash?
And if there is really a counter-test
How is it possible to go there with three and one in a hundred places? Yes, it saves trouble.
Don't be fooled by a spy
Is it not available somewhere in the area?
You can't play in the Mu family because the facilities are so high.
Still zooming in
Do you want to say that you are a white stall?
Is there any other hidden identity?
Be able to support trouble-making groups
Even Jiang Bulongan
If you select them all, don’t brag.
Our Buddha head has something to do with you
If it weren't for the sake of our family,
And the specifications of today’s Fact Group tender meeting
It's a kind of this that doesn't go in
I'm not as good as myself
Even if you don’t have the vision of the Gu family
I can also stand up and turn around, hurt the black, good, good, good
God wants to see
There is no such thing as our home
How are you going to get in later?